docs: add lambda function url docs (#248)
localstack/docs: content/en/aws/lambda/index.md

- [Lambda Container Images](https://github.com/localstack/localstack-pro-samples/tree/master/lambda-container-image): Simple demo application illustrating Lambda container images in LocalStack. The Lambda image is built using Docker and pushed to a local ECR registry.
- [Lambda Code Mounting and Debugging](https://github.com/localstack/localstack-pro-samples/tree/master/lambda-mounting-and-debugging): Simple demo application to illustrate debugging Lambdas locally.
- [Lambda Layers](https://github.com/localstack/localstack-pro-samples/blob/master/serverless-lambda-layers): Simple demo application illustrating Lambda layers using LocalStack, deployed via the Serverless framework.

> - [Lambda Function URL](https://github.com/localstack/localstack-pro-samples/tree/master/lambda-function-urls): Simple demo application illustrating Lambda Function URLs using LocalStack, to call a Lambda Function via HTTP API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Lambda Function URL](https://github.com/localstack/localstack-pro-samples/tree/master/lambda-function-urls): Simple demo application illustrating Lambda Function URLs using LocalStack, to call a Lambda Function via HTTP.
```

## Lambda Function URL

> LocalStack supports [Lambda Function URLs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/urls-configuration.html) for calling Lambda Functions via HTTP API calls. Below is a simple example to deploy a Lamdda function via a ZIP file before creating a Function URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LocalStack supports [Lambda Function URLs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/urls-configuration.html) for calling Lambda Functions via HTTP. Below is a simple example to deploy a Lamda function via a ZIP file before creating a Function URL:
```
